[DOCS-12891] Add ref tables to Enrichment Processor (#34036)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/processors/enrichment_table.md

- Add customer metadata (account tier, region, SLA) to logs.
- Join security events with user or asset attributes stored in Snowflake.

See [Reference Tables][3] from the Datadog's Snowflake integration on how to set up Reference Tables for Snowflake.

## Setup

To set up the enrichment table processor:

1. Click **Add enrichment**.
1. Define a **filter query**. Only logs that match the specified [filter query](#filter-query-syntax) are processed. All logs, regardless of whether they match the filter query, are sent to the next step in the pipeline.
1. In the **Set lookup mapping** section, select the type of lookup dataset you want to use.
  {{< tabs >}}
  {{% tab "Reference Table" %}}

  1. Select the Reference Table in the dropdown menu.
      - See [Using reference tables](#using-reference-tables) for more information.
  1. Click **Manage** to go to the Reference Tables configuration page.
  1. (Optional) Select specific columns with which to enrich your logs.
      - Observability Pipelines enriches logs with all columns in the table by default. If you want to cherry pick columns, you can specify certain attributes to be added. Only selected attributes are enriched.

>   1. Enter a Datadog Application key identifier. [Application keys][1] are used by Observability Pipelines to access Datadog's programmatic API when enriching data.

Reviewer: Good point, this is the right link @maycmlee https://docs.datadoghq.com/account_management/api-app-keys/
The happy path is to 
1. Create app key using service account scoped to reference_tables_read scope
2. Copy key value to secrets vault
3. Add identifier when configuring the processor in OP
However, it's often that a user will not follow the intended path and may see the app key requirement for the first time on the UI. @maycmlee i'm now thinking, should we make the app key instructions a prereq?

#### Reference table metrics

To see metrics about the reference table used by your Enrichment Table processor, add these tags to the metrics below:

- `component_type:enrichment_table`
- `component_id:reference_table_<table-id>`

`pipelines.enrichment_rows_not_found_total`
: This counter is incremented for each processed log that does not have a corresponding row in the table.

`pipelines.reference_table_cached_rows`
: This gauge metric reports the number of rows stored in the local cache. The tag `found:true` reports rows existing in the table, and `found:false` reports rows that do not exist in the table. The cache has a maximum capacity of 100,000 entries.

`pipelines.reference_table_queued_keys`
: This gauge metric reports the number of row keys waiting to be read from the Reference Tables API. The queue has a maximum capacity of 5,000 keys. When a log attempts to insert a key that would exceed this limit, the log is immediately sent downstream without enrichment.

`pipelines.reference_table_fetched_keys_total`
: For each request sent to the Reference Tables API, this counter is incremented with the number of rows fetched in that request.

> **Note**: Common HTTP client metrics are also reported:

Author: @gwenaskell I wonder if we should have them in the main Pipelines Usage Metrics doc instead: https://docs.datadoghq.com/observability_pipelines/monitoring_and_troubleshooting/pipeline_usage_metrics/

> **Note**: Common HTTP client metrics are also reported:

Author: Added this docs card: https://datadoghq.atlassian.net/browse/DOCS-13253

}
```

## How the processor works

### Using Reference Tables

[Reference Tables][4] allow you to store information like customer details, asset lists, and service dependency information in Datadog. The Enrichment Table processor pulls rows from Reference Tables on demand and caches them locally. Table rows persists in the cache for about 10 minutes. After that, they are evicted or refreshed.

> When the processor encounters a log that does not have a corresponding row in the cache, the log data is buffered in memory until the row is retrieved from the Reference Table. The buffer has a maximum capacity of 100,000 logs. If that limit is reached, the buffer begins sending the oldest buffered logs downstream without enrichment. The processor does not exert upstream backpressure.

Author: Updated

A circuit breaker opens if an authentication error occurs while connecting to the reference table or after a series of failed requests. This automatically flushes buffered logs downstream without enrichment, to prevent the logs from waiting indefinitely and causing the buffer to stop accepting new logs. The processor periodically retries requests and automatically closes the circuit to resume normal operations when a request succeeds.

Errors that cause a log to be sent without enrichment can be viewed in the Worker logs and increments the [`pipelines.component_errors_total`](#processor-metrics) metric.

Datadog does not recommend using the processor on a log field with high cardinality (more than 5,000 possible values). The Reference Tables API is subject to rate limits and might deny Worke requests. Reach out to [Datadog support][5] if you continue to notice rate limit warnings in the Worker logs while running the processor.

### Metrics

#### Processor metrics

> To see metrics about your Enrichment Table processor, add these tags to the Custom Processor metrics below:

Author: @gwenaskell When you say Reference Tables processor, are you referring to the Enrichment Table processor using Reference Tables?

I think I might just simplify the sentence to:

```suggestion
To see metrics about your Enrichment Table processor, add these tags to the metrics:
```

- `component_id:reference_table_<table-id>`

`pipelines.enrichment_rows_not_found_total`
: This counter is incremented for each processed log that does not have a corresponding row in the table.

`pipelines.reference_table_cached_rows`
: This gauge metric reports the number of rows stored in the local cache. The tag `found:true` reports rows existing in the table, and `found:false` reports rows that do not exist in the table. The cache has a maximum capacity of 100,000 entries.

`pipelines.reference_table_queued_keys`
: This gauge metric reports the number of row keys waiting to be read from the Reference Tables API. The queue has a maximum capacity of 5,000 keys. When a log attempts to insert a key that would exceed this limit, the log is immediately sent downstream without enrichment.

`pipelines.reference_table_fetched_keys_total`
: For each request sent to the Reference Tables API, this counter is incremented with the number of rows fetched in that request.

**Note**: Common HTTP client metrics are also reported:

- `pipelines.http_client_requests_sent_total`
- `pipelines.http_client_responses_total`
- `pipelines.http_client_errors_total`
- `pipelines.http_client_rtt_seconds`

> {{% observability_pipelines/processors/filter_syntax %}}

Author: I'm find with removing it, but the last time this question was brought up, we said to keep it. We can figure out later how to standardize this across all components. I'll remove for now.

}
```

## How the processor works

### Using Reference Tables

[Reference Tables][4] allow you to store information like customer details, asset lists, and service dependency information in Datadog. The Enrichment Table processor pulls rows from Reference Tables on demand and caches them locally. Table rows persists in the cache for about 10 minutes. After that, they are evicted or refreshed.

> When the processor encounters a log that does not have a corresponding row in the cache, the log data is buffered in memory until the row is retrieved from the Reference Table. The buffer has a maximum capacity of 100,000 logs. If that limit is reached, the buffer begins sending the oldest buffered logs downstream without enrichment. The processor does not exert upstream backpressure.

Author: ```suggestion
When the processor encounters a log that does not have a corresponding row in the cache, the log data is buffered in memory until the row is retrieved from the Reference Table. If the buffer reaches its maximum capacity, it begins sending the oldest buffered logs downstream without enrichment. The processor does not exert upstream backpressure.
```
